("Pictures of You" by The Cure)
♪ I've been looking so long
at these pictures of you ♪
♪ That I almost believe
that they're real ♪
♪ I've been living so long
with my pictures of you ♪
♪ That I almost believe that the
pictures are all I can feel ♪
♪ Remembering you standing
quiet in the rain ♪
♪ As I ran to your heart to be near ♪
♪ And we kissed as the sky
fell in holding you close ♪
♪ How I always held close in your fear ♪
♪ Remembering you running
soft through the night ♪
♪ You were bigger and brighter
and whiter than snow ♪
♪ You screamed at the
make-believe screamed at the sky ♪
♪ And you finally found all
your courage to let it all go ♪
♪ Remembering you fallen into my arms ♪
♪ Crying for the death of your heart ♪
♪ You were stone white so delicate ♪
♪ Lost in the cold ♪
♪ You were always so lost in the dark ♪
♪ Remembering you how you used to be ♪
♪ Slow drowned you were angels ♪
♪ So much more than everything ♪
♪ Hold for the last time
then slip away quietly ♪
♪ Open my eyes but I never see anything ♪
♪ If only I'd thought of the right words ♪
♪ I could have held on to your heart ♪
♪ I wouldn't be breaking
apart all my pictures of you ♪
♪ Looking so long at
these pictures of you ♪
♪ But I never hold on to your heart ♪
♪ Looking so long for
the words to be true ♪
♪ But always just breaking apart ♪
♪ My pictures of you ♪
♪ There was nothing in the
world that I ever wanted more ♪
♪ Than to feel you deep in my heart ♪
♪ There was nothing in the
world that I ever wanted more ♪
♪ Than to never feel the breaking apart ♪
♪ My pictures of you ♪